ROX-25000: bump np-guard/netpol-analyzer from 1.3.1 to 1.4.2 (#10)
shireenf-ibm/stackrox: roxctl/netpol/connectivity/map/explain_analysis.md

> # Explain analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `explain` analysis

```

> The goal of explain analysis is to provide additional connectivity information, specifying the resources (such as network policies, admin network policies, routes and more) that contributed to allowing or denying a connectivity between any pair of input workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of `explain` analysis is to provide additional connectivity information, specifying the resources (such as network policies, admin network policies, routes and more) that contribute to allowing or denying a connection between any pair of input workloads.

```

The report can help testing whether the configured resources induce connectivity as expected, and give hints to where the resources may be changed to achieve the desired result.

> Explain-analysis is supported with `txt` output format only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `explain` analysis is supported with `txt` output format only.

```

                        NetworkPolicy list:
                                - NetworkPolicy 'default/backend-netpol' selects default/backend[Deployment], and Ingress rule #1 selects default/frontend[Deployment], but the protocols and ports do not match
                                - NetworkPolicy 'default/default-deny-in-namespace' selects default/backend[Deployment], but default/frontend[Deployment] is not allowed by any Ingress rule (no rules defined)

        Denied UDP:[53] due to the following policies and rules:
                Egress (Allowed)
                        NetworkPolicy 'default/frontend-netpol' allows connections by Egress rule #2
                Ingress (Denied)
                        NetworkPolicy list:
                                - NetworkPolicy 'default/backend-netpol' selects default/backend[Deployment], and Ingress rule #1 selects default/frontend[Deployment], but the protocols and ports do not match
                                - NetworkPolicy 'default/default-deny-in-namespace' selects default/backend[Deployment], but default/frontend[Deployment] is not allowed by any Ingress rule (no rules defined)
```

#### Understanding the output

> The results of explain analysis replace the regular connectivity list with more explanation about the connections between pairs of input workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results of `explain` analysis extend the simple `connectivity map` with explanations about the connections between pairs of input workloads.

```

1. Connections which are concluded from policies' rules are reported in a section `Specific connections and their reasons`;
in this section, for each `src` => `dst` pair :

> - if there are allowed connections from `src` to `dst`,it reports under internal section `Allowed connections`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if there are allowed connections from `src` to `dst`, it reports under internal section `Allowed connections`

```

for each allowed connection which egress networking resource(s) selects the `src` and what rules allow the connection; and likewise the rules of `ingress` networking resource(s) capturing `dst` that allows the connection.

> - it also specifies the networking resource(s) and reasons that reveal to the denied connections from `src` to `dst` under internal section `Denied connections` on both egress and ingress directions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it also specifies the networking resource(s) and reasons for the denied connections from `src` to `dst` under internal section `Denied connections` on both egress and ingress directions

```

> 2. `src`=>`dst` connections which are not captured by policies and derived from system-default allow all are grouped under a separate section: `All Connections due to the system default (Allow all)` (if found)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `src`=>`dst` connections which are not captured by policies and derived from system-default "allow all" are grouped under a separate section: `All Connections due to the system default (Allow all)` (if found)

```
